docs: Pinning.RemoteServices.Policies.MFS (#7913)
ipfs/go-ipfs: docs/config.md

Type: `string`

#### `Pinning.RemoteServices: Policies`

Contains additional opt-in policies for the remote pinning service

##### `Pinning.RemoteServices: Policies.MFS`

> When this policy is enabled it will be following changes to MFS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this policy is enabled, it follows changes to MFS
```

> and updating the pin for MFS root on the configured remote service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and updates the pin for MFS root on the configured remote service.
```

> Pin request to the remote service is sent only when MFS root changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pin request to the remote service is sent only when MFS root has changed
```

> and time passed since the previous pin is bigger than `RepinInterval`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and time has passed, since the previous pin is bigger than `RepinInterval`.
```
This is unclear to me. Does "since" mean "because" in this case?

> A pin request to the remote service is sent only when MFS root has changed
> and time has passed, since the previous pin is bigger than `RepinInterval`.

Author: @jessicaschilling  hm.. i think your question was valid, and I did not fully get what you meant when I merged this.

IPFS node  checks if MFS changed every 30s and if it did change, then it checks when the last successful pin was executed.

If `last_pin_time` + `RepinInterval` > `now`, then it waits until it becomes otherwise.
In other words, we never send pin request more often than the value in `RepinInterval` (which is 5 minutes by default).

Would below be better?

```suggestion
A pin request to the remote service is sent only when MFS root CID has changed
and enough time has passed since the previus request (determined by `RepinInterval`).
```

Reviewer: Makes perfect sense, thank you!
one note: `previous` 😊

###### `Pinning.RemoteServices: Policies.MFS.Enabled`

Controls if this policy is active.

Default: `false`

Type: `bool`

###### `Pinning.RemoteServices: Policies.MFS.PinName`

> Optional name to use for remote pin that represents MFS root CID.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional name to use for a remote pin that represents the MFS root CID.  
```

> When left empty, default name will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When left empty, a default name will be generated.
```

> Default: `"policy/12.../mfs"`

Reviewer 2: I think we should make it more explicit that we're using the PeerID.
```suggestion
Default: `"policy/{PeerID}/mfs"`, e.g. `"policy/12.../mfs"`
```

Type: `string`

###### `Pinning.RemoteServices: Policies.MFS.RepinInterval`

> Defines how often (at most) the pin request should be sent to remote service.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines how often (at most) the pin request should be sent to the remote service.  
```

> When left empty, default interval will be used. Values lower than `1m` will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If left empty, the default interval will be used. Values lower than `1m` will be ignored.
```
